Listen, I'm not the nicest guy in the Universe because I'm the smartest, and being nice is something stupid people do to hedge their bets.

What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is: don't think about it.

There is no God, Summer. You gotta rip that band-aid off now. You'll thank me later.

I'm sorry, but your opinion means very little to me.

Don't break an arm jerking yourself off.

You're not gonna believe this because it usually never happens, but I made a mistake.

To live is to risk it all; otherwise, you're just an inert chunk of randomly assembled molecules drifting wherever the universe blows you.

I’m not looking for judgment, just a yes or no. Can you assimilate a giraffe?

It’s a figure of speech, Morty! They’re bureaucrats! I don’t respect them.

Weddings are basically funerals with cake.

Your boos mean nothing, I've seen what makes you cheer!

Get off the high road, Summer. We all got pink eye because you wouldn't stop texting on the toilet.

I hate to break it to you, but what people call 'love' is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed.

I don't respect therapy, because I'm a scientist; because I invent, transform, create, and destroy for a living, and when I don't like something about the world, I change it.

Morty, a hole in the wall is not a broken window.

I’ll tell you how I feel about school, Jerry: it’s a waste of time.

Listen, Jerry, I don’t want to overstep my bounds or anything. It’s your house. It’s your world. You’re a real Julius Caesar.

There's always AAA, you racist.

Your failures are your own, old man! I say, follow through.

If I die in a cage, I lose a bet.

Morty, if you go to where there's a bunch of ice cream and then you don’t get any ice cream, what's the point?

You can't just add a Sci-Fi word to a car word and hope it means something.

That's planning for failure, Morty. Even dumber than regular planning.

Oh, I'm sorry, Morty, are you the scientist or are you the kid that wanted to get laid?

I'm gonna need you to take these seeds into the bathroom, and I'm gonna need you to put them way up inside your butthole, Morty.
So your origin is what? You fell into a vat of redundancy?

Yeah, if you spend all day shuffling words around, you can make anything sound bad, Morty.

Just don't do it. The world can live without the urban market.

You're young, you have your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut yet malleable.

I'm Doctor Who in this motherfucker! I could be a clone. I could be a hologram. We could be clones controlled by robots controlled with special headsets that the real Rick and Morty are wearing while they're fucking your mother!

I'm gonna need you to take your opinion, and shove it way up inside your butthole.

No no, if I wanted to be sober, I wouldn't have gotten drunk.

Oh, I say good sir, oh harumph, oh, a bope-a-dope-o-bobo.

I'm not a beaver who believes in Jesus Christ, Morty.

I've got like ten Ricks to call right now.

Sweet, I'm Doctor Who in this motherfucker!

I don't know, some people would pay top dollar for that kind of breakthrough.

What do you know about friendship, Jerry?

Who wants to watch a mad scientist use handmade sci-fi tools to take out highly trained alien guards when we can sit here and be a family at Shoney's?

I don't like your unemployed genes in my grandchildren, Jerry. But life is made of little concessions.

You're not the cause of your parents' misery, you're just a symptom of it.

re you listening to me, Morty? Homework is stupid. The whole point is to get less of it.

Do you think I would let you die alone, Jerry?

You got the boredom of a housewife and the alcoholism of an Irish ditch digger.

We had some good times. Maybe your species is better off as tiny, adorable sex slaves.

There's a lesson here, and I'm not going to be the one to figure it out.

Don't move. Gonorrhea can't see us if we don't move. Wait, wrong STD.

Just hit a button, Morty! Give me a beat!

I'm more horse than a man. Or I'm more man than a horse. Bojack?

I'd like to order one large phone with extra phones, please. Cell phone. No, no no, rotary! And payphone on half.

Morty, can you get to the left nipple?

Save it for the Semantics Dome, E.B. White.

Weddings are basically just funerals with cake.

The point of automation is to reduce cost and labor.

I've seen enough hentai to know where this is going.

The thing people don't realize about the Gear Wars is that it was never really about the gears at all.

I'm gonna need you to do me a real solid.

It's not like he's a hot girl. He can't just bail on his life and set up shop in someone else's.

I hate to break it to you, but what people call "love" is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed.

I'm not going to take their dreams. I'm going to take their parents.

Can't believe we're going to Atlantis! Hope it's the one with all the fish people and not the one that's underwater!

Hey, muchacho, does your planet have wiper fluid yet or you gonna freak out and start worshipping us?

Cover me in gasoline and spiders? Fine, yeah, I'm in.

Being nice is something stupid people do to hedge their bets.